This script I created, opens a random clip from youtube, and then records video and audio, and, in the end, computes the number of decibels of that audio recording, and reads it into a file. I used a lot of library for this script, such as random, pyaudio, wave, numpy, math, etc. Selenium was the main library I've used it. For installing the libraries, I used the terminal from Pycharm(which is and IDE for writting code in python), and i typed in pip install + the name of the library I wanted to use. For Portaudio, I had to use another way. I downloaded it from internet, and after that, I installed it with the help of the terminal(because it didn't allow me to install it directly from the console). I encountered a lot of "problems" during this project. I lost a few hours, trying to figure out "How could I play a random video from youtube?". But, with the aid of the google, and stackoverflaw, I did it. First, when I figured out how to play a random video from youtube, another problem showed up: just four clips were selected, instead of many more clips. But, with the aid of a function, that selenium provides, I fixed it. I had to put the browser to wait a specific time, for loading the rest of the clips, and after that, more many clips were added. Another thing that gave me headache, was "How to start, at the same time, audio and video recording?", and I found there is a library that lets you do that. I tried to recording audio while I was plugging out the microphone, and of course, I got an error that told me "There is no input and output device". And for computing the decibels, I used a math formula, that allows us to compute the value.
